# Homework for:  Episode 7 – Re-Factory #

## Car Factory Vocabulary Words ##

**Auditor**:  An Auditor observes the Factory writes down relevant events into the FactoryJournal.

**Automobile**: (see Car).

**Car**: These are the finished products that a FactoryWorker produces inside of a Factory.  The only type of car that a CarFactory can currently produce is called a “Model T”.  Sometimes a Car is referred to as an "Automobile" or “Horseless Carriage”.

**CarOptions**:  Black is the only available CarPaint color.  HydraulicSwitches to make the car bounce are optional.  Each Car is assigned a unique serial number by the FactoryWorker when a Car is produced.

**Cargo Bay**:  A location in the back of the Factory where delivery trucks DeliverShipment’s to and Employee’s Receive them. Shipments contain various CarParts that need to be UnPacked.

**Curse Words**:  These are words that are spoken by any person inside the Factory that are deemed inappropriate for the business environment.  All spoken words are recorded by Factory microphones and transcribed into electronic text to be stored in the FactoryJournal.  The current curse words are defined as:  "accountability", "downsizing", "fired", "manager", "MPG", "overtime", "pride", "profit", "solar", "team", and "quality". 

**Employee**:  A person who is employed by the owner of the Factory.  Employee’s have a name that they were given at birth.  Employee’s have the job of either an Auditor, FactoryWorker, or Manager.  Any Employee can open the CargoBayDoors if they are at the Factory.

**FactoryFloor**:  The location in the Factory where Shipments of CarParts are Unpacked, Inventoried, and placed on the PartShelf to be used be FactoryWorkers to ProduceACar.

**FactoryWorker**:  An Employee of the Factory that has the skills to ProduceACar.  A FactoryWorker can ProducesACar and UnpackShipment’s.

**Manager**:  A Manager reads FactoryReport’s, plays Solitaire, and tells Auditors and FactoryWorkers what to do.  A Manager sends work requests to Auditors and FactoryWorkers and hopes that they feel like carrying them out.  A Manager typically requests FactoryReports every hour so that he or she can make appropriate decisions in the event that someone listens to their decisions.

**ProduceACar**:  The creation of a car that is assembled and ready for sale to a customer.  This Factory ironically produces hand-crafted automobiles that are completely built by an individual FactoryWorker.  The Factory and FactoryWorkers are only able to build a replica of one type of car, a Model-T.

**Horseless Carriage**: (see Car).

**Overtime**:  The condition that occurs any time an Auditor or FactoryWorker works more than 2 hours per 24 hour period between 12:00AM-11:59PM each day (M-F).  For each hour worked over the limit of 2hrs per day, the worker earns four times their standard hourly rate.  It is against the law for them to work on weekends.

**Shipment**:  A Shipment is something that is delivered by a vendor’s delivery truck.  A Shipment is given a unique name by the vendor to identify and track it.  All Shipments contain some kind of CarPart(s).  Shipments are delivered to and Received in the CargoBay and must be Unpacked by and Employees before the CarParts can be used.

**Union**:  (this entry has been **censored**, please contact: unionboss@crapfactory.com)

**Unpack**:  When an Employee opens a Shipment, unwraps its contents, counts and records what is inside (inventories), and then places the contents on the PartShelf on the FactoryFloor.

**Work Hours (standard pay rate)**:  All Employees work between 10:00AM-12:00PM Monday-Friday.  They have negotiated a very interesting Union contract that considers any hours worked before or after these standard hours to be paid at Overtime rates.


## Reports ##

**Car Production**:  The total number of cars that have miraculously been produced today.  Typically viewed/printed every hour.

**Currently Employed Workers**:  The First and Last Name of each worker/employee that is available to produce cars.  An asterisk follows an employee's last name on the report to indicate a person that they have tried to fire over 3 times for not doing their work but they have failed due to contract complications.  Typically viewed/printed at the start of each work day.

**Factory Journal**:  This is the electronic log of all spoken words that have been recorded by the factory microphones and transcribed into text for archival purposes.  Currently used to track and report “banned” curse words but records all events heard.

**Status of Cargo Bay**:  This report summarizes the status of the cargo bay:  If the cargo door is operational, if there is a truck delivering in the bay, and how many workers have smoked there in the last 24 hours.

**Top 10 Curse Words**: This report is generated by looking inside the "Factory Journal" of all spoken words and displaying the name of the top 10 curse words and how many times each has been said to date.  This report is run every Friday at 5:01PM.

## Factory Policies (Business Rules) ##

### Employee Policies ###

+ An empty Factory should allow any Employee not named ‘bender’ to be assigned to it.

+ Employee names must be unique inside of a Factory.  More than one person with the same name may not work in the same Factory.

+ No Employee named ‘bender’ may ever work in a Factory.


### Shipment Policies ###

+ Empty shipments (those containing no contents) are not allowed to be received.  They are never accepted into the Factory or CargoBay.

+ At least one Employee must be present in the Factory in order to receive a shipment.

+ The CargoBay can only hold a maximum of two Shipments waiting to be Unpacked at one time.

+ Employees Unpack all Shipments that are present in the CargoBay when they Unpack and place the CarPart Inventory on the PartsShelf on the Factory floor.

+ CurseWords uttered while Receiving a Shipment with more than 10 CarParts must be recorded.

### Inventory Policies ###

+ There must be at least 1 Shipment waiting to be unpacked in the CargoBay in order to unpack and inventory it.

+ An Employee may only unpack and inventory all Shipments in the CargoBay once a day.


### Car Production Policies ###

+ “Model T” is the only car type that can currently be produce in the Factory.

+ An Employee may only ProduceACar once a day.

+ In order to Produce a “Model T”, the following parts must be in inventory on the PartsShelf on the Factory floor: 6 wheels, 1 engine, 2 sets of "bits and pieces".

